
Circuit Wizard – Read Me

Release 1.15, 20 Oct 2006
Copyright © 2005-2006 New Wave Concepts Limited. All rights reserved.

To print this document, choose Print... from the File menu.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTENTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.   INTRODUCTION

2.   SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
     2.1  Which version of Microsoft Windows?

3.   INSTALLING CIRCUIT WIZARD
     3.1  Stand-alone installation
     3.2  Network (server) installation

4.   PRODUCT ACTIVATION
     4.1  Understanding activation codes

5.   RUNNING CIRCUIT WIZARD
     5.1  Getting started

6.   LICENSING

7.   CONTACT INFORMATION

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. INTRODUCTION
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Circuit Wizard, our flagship product, is a revolutionary new system that
combines circuit design, PCB design, simulation and CAD/CAM manufacture in
one complete package. By integrating the entire design process, Circuit
Wizard provides you with all the tools necessary to produce an electronics
project from start to finish—even including on-screen testing of the PCB
prior to construction!

For more information, refer to Circuit Wizard's on-line help by choosing
Circuit Wizard Help from Circuit Wizard's Help menu once the product has been
installed.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to run Circuit Wizard you will need the following as minimum.

  o  IBM compatible PC with a Pentium-class processor (Pentium II 400
     recommended)
  o  16 Megabytes of (RAM) memory. 32 Megabytes of (RAM) memory recommended.
  o  Microsoft Windows 95, 98, ME, NT 4.0 (with SP6), 2000 or XP
  o  Hard disk drive with at least 10 Megabytes of free space
  o  CD-ROM drive
  o  VGA or higher-resolution display
  o  Microsoft Mouse or compatible pointing device


2.1 Which version of Microsoft Windows?

Circuit Wizard has been designed and tested to operate on the following
versions of Microsoft Windows:

  o  Windows 95
  o  Windows 98
  o  Windows ME
  o  Windows NT (version 4.0 or later, SP6 required)
  o  Windows 2000
  o  Windows XP

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. INSTALLING CIRCUIT WIZARD
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Installing Circuit Wizard confirms acceptance of the License Agreement. Refer
to the section Licensing below for more information.

Subject to the number of licensed users, Circuit Wizard can be installed
either on a suite of stand-alone machines or on a network server (or a
combination). Both forms of installation are detailed below.


3.1 Stand-alone installation

A stand-alone installation is where the software is installed on the local
hard disk of a computer. Note that the computer may be connected to the
network, but in a stand-alone installation the software would not be run from
the network. For a single-user license, a stand-alone installation is the
only available option.

The steps below describe the stand-alone installation of Circuit Wizard:

  o  Insert the CD-ROM in your CD-ROM drive.

  o  The setup program should run automatically. If the AutoRun feature is
     not enabled on your system, click the Start button and choose the Run
     command. In the Run dialog box, type 'D:\AUTORUN.EXE', where D
     represents the drive letter of your CD-ROM drive. Then click the OK
     button. If you are not sure which drive letter your CD-ROM drive uses,
     open the Explorer and look for the CD-ROM icon.

  o  Follow the instructions shown on your screen.

When you first run the software, you will be asked for a release code. See
PRODUCT ACTIVATION, below, for more information.


3.2 Network (server) installation

In a multi-user environment, it is possible for a network server to run a
shared copy of the software, rather than installing a suite of stand-alone
versions. The software can run in both modes, but a single shared copy would
be much easier to administer.

To install the software on a network server, you should first log onto a
network client machine as an Administrator user. Next, install the software
(as described in Stand-alone installation, above) onto a remote drive held on
the network server. The software will then be able to configure itself for
network operation.

When you first run the software, you will be asked for a release code. See
PRODUCT ACTIVATION, below, for more information.

Once installed, you can then add shortcuts on your client machines to point
to the CktWiz.exe program file. No other set-up or configuration (such as
DLLs or registry entries) will be required.

For more information on network installations, visit our website at
http://www.new-wave-concepts.com/support/network.html.
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. PRODUCT ACTIVATION
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

To help reduce software piracy, Circuit Wizard requires you to obtain a
release code when installing the software. A release code is a special number
that activates the software.

To obtain a release code, visit our registration website at
www.new-wave-concepts.com/register. Those without an Internet connection
should either call 08706 090911 (UK only) or contact your local supplier
(outside the UK). You will need to quote your name and serial number along
with a unique signature code that will be displayed on-screen.

Release codes for single-user versions are tied to a particular machine. For
multi-user (5 users or more) licenses, the release code will be valid for
installation on multiple machines.

If you register on-line, your release code will be sent back to you using the
email address specified, normally in less than 1 day.

Note that once entered, you will not be asked for further release codes.


4.1 Understanding activation codes

Three different codes are used during the installation process:

Serial numbers are provided with the software and are normally found on the
cover of the printed booklet within the product box. Serial numbers take the
form CW-CD01-ABCDEFGHIJK.

Signature codes are used to identify a particular installation. A signature
code is displayed on screen by the installer or software whenever it asks for
a release code, and you will need to quote this number in order to obtain a
release code. A signature code takes the form of two six-digit numbers, 
999999-999999.

Release codes are used to unlock an installation. A release code takes the
form of three four-digit numbers, 9999-9999-9999.

Release codes for single-user versions are tied to a particular machine (the
machine on which you obtained the signature code). For multi-user licenses,
you will obtain one release code which will allow installation on multiple
machines.

Note that if you are using an old release code with a multi-user (5 users or
more) version, the code will not be accepted if the code’s valid time period
has elapsed. In these cases, you will need to contact us again for a new
release code.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. RUNNING CIRCUIT WIZARD
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

To run Circuit Wizard click on the Start button in the bottom-left corner of
your screen. Go to the Programs menu and choose Circuit Wizard.

You can learn how to use Circuit Wizard by choosing Circuit Wizard Help from
the Help menu.


5.1 Getting started

When Circuit Wizard starts, the Assistant window will appear to the right of
the main window. The Assistant window is designed to get you up and running
quickly. For example, clicking on Guided Tour will lead you to a series of
video tutorials that step you through Circuit Wizard.

Clicking on Sample Circuits allows you to access a range of circuits and
projects. With each sample circuit click on the Run button to simulate the
circuit. You can switch between different aspects of the circuit, such as the
circuit diagram, PCB layout and Bill of Materials report by clicking on the
tabs at the bottom of the window. Try also clicking on the left-hand Styles
toolbar to change the way the circuit looks. Clicking on the Current Flow
button, for example, will graphically animate the flow of current moving
around the circuit.  

You can return to the assistant at any time by choosing Assistant from the
Help menu or by pressing Ctrl+F1.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. LICENSING
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Circuit Wizard can be used on the number of computers determined by your
license. Read the License Agreement in the accompanying document License.txt
for more details.

  o  A single-user license allows the software to be installed and used on
     one computer.

  o  A multi-user license allows the software to be installed and used on the
     number of computers specified by the license. A multi-user license also
     allows the software to be used on a network provided that the maximum
     number of simultaneous users does not exceed the number of computers
     specified by the license.

It is illegal to use Circuit Wizard on more computers than you are licensed
for. If you need to use the Software on more computers than your current
license allows, you must purchase an additional license or an extension to
your existing license. Extension licenses can be purchased from your Circuit
Wizard supplier.

 Q.  Can Circuit Wizard be used by teachers at home?
 A.  Yes. A teacher may use Circuit Wizard at home for educational purposes
     so long as the teacher is employed by a licensed institution.

 Q.  How do I extend my multi-user version of Circuit Wizard?
 A.  5-user extension licenses are available from your Circuit Wizard
     supplier.

 Q.  Does the license permit use of the Software on a portable computer?
 A.  Only if the portable computer is owned by the licensee and is normally
     used at the postal address of the licensee.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. CONTACT INFORMATION
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

New Wave Concepts Limited
St. John's Innovation Centre
Cowley Road
Cambridge
CB4 0WS
UNITED KINGDOM

Telephone       +44 (0) 8706 09 09 11
Facsimile       +44 (0) 8706 09 09 12
Internet        www.new-wave-concepts.com
e-mail          sales@new-wave-concepts.com

Copyright © 2005-2006 New Wave Concepts Limited. All rights reserved.
All trademarks acknowledged.
